doom has been the childhood classic of
many a gamer predating as one of the
fathers of the first person shooter doom
succeeding combining simple user from
the controls fast-paced action to an
extent and tons of weapons to use along
with monsters are plenty to use several
weapons on Doom is finally back though
an ID software isn't messing around when
it comes to creating its return original
titles in the series focused on simple
point-and-click shooting while the new
mean the grated combat system now sports
a cinematic melee finisher mechanic
we've set some weapons like a chainsaw
now not just feeling like a simple /
weapon but something you can stick your
victim in the heart with while
multiplayer gameplay is currently only
been teased we now know the ID hopes to
bring its competitive scene to the level
of the likes of epics Unreal Tournament
by supporting community content creation
light levels and game modes that finally
don't require modding knowledge thanks
to its built from the ground up snap map
feature we cannot wait to see what Doom
has in store for us during 2016 is this
the reinvention we have been waiting for
only time will tell but for now let's
just stay locked and loaded on the
future that is now set for the franchise